Glen Contawe: Hi, my name is Glen Contawe. How may I help you?
You: Hello I own a domain  bjmanch.com - but I would like to have bjmanch.org instead (i.e .org instead of .com). I have just searched for domain bjmanch.org and it is available at fasthosts to buy. Could you please assist me how can I make the switch from .com to .org?
Communication with Glen Contawe has been lost. Please wait while attempts are made to restore the connection.
You will be requeued in approximately 180 seconds.
Communication with Glen Contawe has been restored.
You: Hello I own a domain  bjmanch.com - but I would like to have bjmanch.org instead (i.e .org instead of .com). I have just searched for domain bjmanch.org and it is available at fasthosts to buy. Could you please assist me how can I make the switch from .com to .org?
Communication with Glen Contawe has been lost. Please wait while attempts are made to restore the connection.
You will be requeued in approximately 180 seconds.
You will be requeued in approximately 120 seconds.
You will be requeued in approximately 60 seconds.
Glen Contawe has disconnected.
Rhea: Hi, my name is Rhea. How may I help you?
Rhea: Hello there. I can register the domain name for you.
Rhea: May I know who am I chatting with?
You: Hello Rhea. My name is Satinder Singh. Glad to know that the domain can be registered.
You: Please note that after the new domin bjmanch.org - I won't need bjmanch.com anymore. So it is a kind of switch that I am after. Thanks
Rhea: Thank you Satinder. I can register the .org domain. Hold on please.


Rhea:
bjmanch.org
Special offer - First year £8.99
Renews for 1 year, every 1 year

Shall we proceed on this?

You: OK. we can. Thanks
Rhea: Can I have your support code?
You: Where can I find it?
Rhea: I sent it on your email.
You: the code is 36575
Rhea: Thank you. Lastly, I will also be needing a confirmation or a 'yes" for our Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions below before I can proceed, please: By purchasing and using the service discussed in this chat/email you are agreeing to our Privacy Notice and terms and conditions (which are subject to change), including any special terms that are applicable to the offer you have selected. Our Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions for the use of our services can be found on our website via the following link https://www.fasthosts.co.uk/terms/privacy-notice and https://www.fasthosts.co.uk/terms .
You: yes
Rhea: Perfect. Let me register the domain now. Hold on.
You: Thanks
Rhea: Only domain name and no package, right?
You: ???
Rhea: We only register the .org domain, and no any hosting package? Just domain registration?
You: yes please.
Rhea: Cool. Done now.

Please allow 10-15 minutes for the domain to be ready. Anything else?
You: that's fine for now.
Rhea: Thank you and take care!
You: many thanks.
Rhea has disconnected.
